Add SVehicle E2-Plus Autopilot (#30332)
ArduPilot/ardupilot: libraries/AP_HAL_ChibiOS/hwdef/SVehicle-E2/README.md

## Pinout

![E2plus_pinouts.jpg](E2plus-Top.png)
![E2plus_pinouts-left.png](E2plus-pinouts-left.png)
![E2plus_pinouts-right.png](E2plus-pinouts-right.png)
![E2plus_pinouts-front.png](E2plus-pinouts-front.png)

## UART Mapping

- SERIAL0 -> USB (MAVLink2)
- SERIAL1 -> UART7 (TELEM1, MAVLink2)
- SERIAL2 -> UART5 (TELEM2, MAVLink2)
- SERIAL3 -> USART1 (GPS1/Compass/Safety Switch)
- SERIAL4 -> UART8 (GPS2/Compass)
- SERIAL5 -> USART2 (TELEM3, RS422)
- SERIAL6 -> UART4 (User)
- SERIAL7 -> USART3 (Debug)
- SERIAL8 -> USB Virtual

All UARTs have full DMA capability. TELEM3 can be used as an RS422 interface, the driver is included.

## RC Input

RC input is configured on the RCIN pin, at one end of the servo rail, marked PPM in the above diagram. All ArduPilot supported unidirectional RC protocols can be input here including PPM. For bi-directional or half-duplex protocols, such as CRSF/ELRS a full UART will have to be used. See :ref:`common-rc-systems` for details on USRT setup for other protocols.

## PWM Output

The E2-Plus flight controller supports up to 14 PWM outputs.

The 14 PWM outputs are:

M1 - M8 are connected to the IOMCU
A1 - A6 are connected to the FMU

> M1 - M8 support DShot but not BDShot and are all in one group (IS THIS CORRECT?)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
M1 - M8 support PWM, DShot and BDShot, A1-6 support PWM and Dshot.

M1/2 are in a group
M3/4 are in a group
M5-8 are in a group
```

A1 - A4 are in one group (TIM5). 
A5, A6 are in a 2nd group (TIM4)

> Channels within the same group need to use the same output rate. If any channel in a group uses DShot then all channels in the group need to use DShot. Outputs A1-A6 support BDShot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Channels within the same group need to use the same output rate. If any channel in a group uses DShot then all channels in the group need to use DShot.
```

## PWM Output

The E2-Plus flight controller supports up to 14 PWM outputs. 
First 8 outputs (labelled M1 to M8) are controlled by a dedicated STM32F103 IOMCU controller. 
The remaining 6 outputs (labelled 9 to 16) are the "auxiliary" outputs. These are directly attached to the STM32H753 FMU controller .

The 14 PWM outputs are:

M1 - M8 are connected to the IOMCU
A1 - A6 are connected to the FMU

M1 - M8 support DShot and are in 3 groups:

- M1, M2 in group 1
- M3, M4 in group 2
- M5, M6, M7, M8 in group 3

The 6 FMU PWM outputs are in 2 groups:

A1 - A4 are in one group. 
A5, A6 are in a 2nd group.

Channels within the same group need to use the same output rate. If any channel in a group uses DShot then all channels in the group need to use DShot.

#### GPIOs

Two of the PWM ports on the FMU labeled A5 and A6, can be used as GPIOs (relays, buttons, RPM etc). To use them you need to limit the number of these pins that are used for PWM by setting the BRD_PWM_COUNT to a number less than 6. For example if you set BRD_PWM_COUNT to 4 then PWM A5 and PWM A6 will be available for use as GPIOs.

> The numbering of the GPIOs for PIN variables in ArduPilot is:

Reviewer: here is the complete table:
GPIO Label Mapping:
Label          GPIO Number
-------------- ------------
SP3_DRDY2      93
PWM(1)         50
PWM(2)         51
PWM(3)         52
PWM(4)         53
PWM(5)         54
PWM(6)         55
PWM(7)         56
PWM(8)         57
FMU_CAP1       58
NFC_GPIO       60
HEATER_EN      80
SPEKTRUM_PWR   73
LED_RED        90
LED_GREEN      91
LED_BLUE       92
ALARM          77
PWM_VOLT_SEL   81
MAIN(1)        101
MAIN(2)        102
MAIN(3)        103
MAIN(4)        104
MAIN(5)        105
MAIN(6)        106
MAIN(7)        107
MAIN(8)        108

![E2Plus.png](E2Plus.png)

## Features

- STM32H753IIK6 microcontroller
- STM32F103 microcontroller
- 3 IMUs: Bosch BMI088, InvenSense ICM-20649, InvenSense ICM-42688P
- RM3100 magnetometer
- dual ICP-20100 barometers
- microSD card slot
- 1 ETH network interface
- 6 UARTs plus USB
- USB-TypeC port
- 14 PWM outputs
- PPM/SBus input, DSM/SBus input
- 3 I2C ports
- 2 CAN ports 
- Analog RSSI input
- 100Mbps Ethernet port
- 3 power monitor inputs

# IOMCU

This board has an IOMCU implemented on a STM32F103 microcontroller which, manages 

## Pinout

![E2plus_pinouts.jpg](E2plus-pinouts.jpg)
![E2plus_pinouts-left.png](E2plus-pinouts-left.png)
![E2plus_pinouts-right.png](E2plus-pinouts-right.png)
![E2plus_pinouts-front.png](E2plus-pinouts-front.png)

## UART Mapping

- SERIAL0 -> USB (MAVLink2)
- SERIAL1 -> UART7 (TELEM1, MAVLink2)
- SERIAL2 -> UART5 (TELEM2, MAVLink2)
- SERIAL3 -> USART1 (GPS1/Compass/Safety Switch)
- SERIAL4 -> UART8 (GPS2/Compass)
- SERIAL5 -> USART2 (TELEM3, RS422)
- SERIAL6 -> UART4 (User)
- SERIAL7 -> USART3 (Debug)
- SERIAL8 -> USB Virtual

All UARTs have full DMA capability. TELEM3 can be used as an RS422 interface, the driver is included.

## RC Input

> RC input is configured on the RCIN pin, at one end of the servo rail, marked PPM in the above diagram. All ArduPilot supported unidirectional RC protocols can be input here including PPM. For bi-directional or half-duplex protocols, such as CRSF/ELRS a full UART will have to be used.

Author: Done

## PWM Output

The E2-Plus flight controller supports up to 14 PWM outputs.

The 14 PWM outputs are in 6 groups:

- PWM 1-4 in group1 (TIM5)
- PWM 5 and 6 in group2 (TIM4)
- PWM 7 and 8 in group3 (TIM1 - no DMA)
- PWM 9, 10 and 11 in group4 (TIM8)
- PWM 12 in group5 (TIM15)
- PWM 13 and 14 in group6 (TIM12)

Channels within the same group need to use the same output rate. If any channel in a group uses DShot then all channels in the group need to use DShot. Outputs 1-6 support BDShot.

> ## Battery Monitoring

Reviewer 2: Hello, I am the vendor of E2-Plus, I understand what you mean, we will upload a new E2-Plus drawing, which will display the protocol corresponding to the power connector on the case, so that the user can know which interface to connect.

> The board has connectors for 3 power monitors. The board is configure by default for a DroneCAN power monitor, but also has analog power monitor defaults configured but not enabled. The default PDB included with the E2+ is DroneCAN and must be connected to Power 2. If using a analog power monitor, battery voltage is on pin 6 and current on pin 9 and this should be connected to power 1.  

Reviewer: dronecan monitors are type 8 not 21...and you have that declared in defaults.param...the hwdef lines under  INA226 battery monitor should be removed
the PWR2 connector pin names are ambiguouss if its a CAN connection

> The board has connectors for 3 power monitors. The board is configure by default for a DroneCAN power monitor, but also has analog power monitor defaults configured but not enabled. The default PDB included with the E2+ is DroneCAN and must be connected to Power 2. If using a analog power monitor, battery voltage is on pin 6 and current on pin 9 and this should be connected to power 1.  

Reviewer 2: Sorry for this very low-level bug, thank you very much for your review. We're going to change this code. We will upload a new drawing that will clearly mark the pin definitions.

> The board has connectors for 3 power monitors. The board is configure by default for a DroneCAN power monitor, but also has analog power monitor defaults configured but not enabled. The default PDB included with the E2+ is DroneCAN and must be connected to Power 2. If using a analog power monitor, battery voltage is on pin 6 and current on pin 9 and this should be connected to power 1.  

Author: I believe I've made the changes suggested by S-Vehicle. Please check.
